	notes(actual words, sentences and phrases from the video that resonates with you)


Phrases and words
-----------------------
Golden circle(Why, How and What)
what they do
how they do
why they do
the way we think, the way we act, the way we communicate
outside in(what, how, why)
clearest thing to fuzziest thing
differentiate value proposition
communicate interpersonally 
vast amount of complicated information

Sentences
------------
The inspired leader or person or organisation regardless of their size
reguardless of their industry all thing act communicate from the inside out. They start to "WHY"

Everything we do we believe in challenging , we believe in thinking
differently the way we challenge the status quo is by making our prodcuts
beautifully designed simple to use and user friendly and we just happend to make a
great product

reverse the order of information(inside out) why, how, what
the reverse order prove to us "People don't buy what you do they buy why you
do it.

When we communicate from the inside out we are directly to part of the brain that controls the behavior and then allow people to rationalized with the
tangible things that is goldel circle "WHY".

the moral of soul
“People don’t buy what you do they buy why you do it”





personal thoughts (how can you apply your learnings in your personal and career life) here in this thread.
Golden circle(why, how and what)

Personal thoughts: A quotes "A man without a goal is like a ship without a rudder" ..Thomas Carlyle
I believe that quotes is similer to brain of golden circle "WHY",let me explain I am new learner I want to learn code and I used to learning code and practicing 
everyday.If I have no Goal and WHY I am learning programming and also I do not feel why I am learning ultimately It's like the Qoutes. and also question throwning
me WHY i am learning. so this is pretty similer.

Honestly when i do something or learning something, First, the things on my mind why i do it? what is the purpose like what I do? that qustion come
to mind randomly. and I follow with question and continue the work with the work plan.

According to Golden Circle I have resonated that, when start to do something should be start to "WHY"? why I do it with the inside out of Golden circle "WHY"
and you will be able to execute successfully.  
And have to be remember "people don't buy what you do they buy why you do it"

































