#WHY NaXum
About NaXum: I am writing WHY I want to be a part of NaXum some of points are highlighting.
->Create core value for every business soul
->Work-from-home
->A positive mindset
->Friendly Enviornment
->Beieve in prosperity
->NaXum 10x Clean Code Engineer
->And most of the core thing that inspire me that is "NaXum Love to inspire"

Opportunity to WFH: I am looking for WFH fortunatly NaXum offers to work-from-home that very
plus for me I am explaining why? Now I am staying Dhaka, for my running job I have to work in the
office. But main problem is My office to home(Dhaka) about 11 km. Its not big deal problem is a huge
traffic in Dhaka due to road and flyover constructive work is going on. as a result I have to take 4hrs
every day that 4hrs like droping tears from eye, besides I it's very hard to cope with Dhaka for me. And
most precious think is my parents will be very happy cause I can stay with them. And thanks NaXum give
the opportunity work-from-home.

Friendly to Eviornment: As I visited NaXum team I see all are from the diffrent community, Oh! I love
that, I am very much interested to meet with new people new culture that's amaze me. Sometimes I do
it when I see a foreigner beside me or around me its can be bus or hotel or street I usally talk to them
if they interest and try to help them. I think It would be great if I get an opportunity to work with NaXum
team.

NaXum 10x Clean Code Engineer: I want to be a part of 10x Clean coder Team, want to learn more with diffrent skills
and language and contribute to NaXum. I hope Naxum is so.   

Inspiring: I am being facinated when I see "we love to INSPIRE" I feel and believe that this
setence is very powerfull it can be able to do any achivement for the organization cause this
sentence will help I believe. Like me I got very inspired when some of my friends or neighbour
earn any achivement. For an example recently my friend Got offer from google Dubline, Ireland.
He inspired me.


#WHY Engineering
Lets start a story ,Very begining of my study at primary level I generally not only me our system we
used to read madly memorized without understanding as a result when grew up at junior level class 7/8
then facing understanding the problem to solve, specially maths, if something chanages to math in title
it was difficult to solve. I realized that our education system is truly false where at the beggining.
Now it is over come by math olympiad, thanks to math olympiad, now it has started from every primary level school.

Now question is WHY I share this story?? I was one of them then always read without understanding but
one think knock my mind like erosion of sand by sea water that has no output. I stated to understand maths
and solve problem outside the text books. It as just before admit Engineering.

Now come to real story I admited Computer Science and Engineering, Honestly I do not know about it, I did't
get any guid or idea about CSE before admit. even I dont know idea about google searching, very first
Computer Lab knew about programming our instructor show us how to print hello world in C.But It was boring for
me I couldn't understand anything , The day after day lab is going and my programmig situation is very worst, But I
don't give up, I faced syntax error always. It takes two  months to overcome :D, one day my teacher give us idea
about Online coding platform URI to solve programmig problem, When I first solve and accepted it made me so happy,
I never forget this moment. after that solve UVa, some codeforces and HackerRank, That was my programming journey.

And now I realized that engineering is my passion I feel it, I like to thinking about problem and implementation
and way to solve problem. I feel that programming can do everything amazing.

Now I working as a Backend Engineer with various language like PHP, OOP, javaScript, Jquery, Ajax, HTML,CSS, Bootstrap,
and sometimes Python, I generally used C/C++ most in university life, I also familiar with Java and C# and done project
with that. I believe that I can adapt any new technology or enviormnet catch up quickly.

Oh I forgot NaXum, :D, I found relevent skills that is match with me and I am ready to take the challenge. And I am
very much interest to work with who know much more who is modesty.I believe that I will get that feel from NaXum.



